update the security and privacy consideration (#37)
ietf-rats/draft-deshpande-multi-verifier: draft-deshpande-rats-multi-verifier.md

#### Threats and Mitigations

##### LV Compromise

**Threat:** A compromised LV can orchestrate attacks, such as approving malicious attestations, wrongly aggregating attestation results or leaking sensitive evidence. This is a single point of failure from a trust perspective.

**Mitigation:** The LV MUST be hardened and operate and store its Keys in a secure environment. Its operation SHOULD be auditable.
Component Verifiers should be made available suitable trust anchors so that they can establish required trust in the authority of the LV.

##### Communication Security (LV <-> CV)

**Threat:** Eavesdropping or manipulation of evidence/results in transit.
**Mitigation:** All communications between the LV and CVs MUST be mutually authenticated and confidential (e.g., using TLS with client authentication). This ensures integrity, confidentiality, and authenticity of the messages exchanged between the Verifiers.

##### Evidence Integrity and Origin Authentication (LV -> CV)

**Threat:** The LV could forward manipulated evidence to a CV, or an attacker could inject fake evidence.

> **Mitigation:** The conceptual message containing the Component Evidence MUST be integrity-protected and authenticated. If the Component Evidence is natively signed by the Component Attester at origin, the CV can verify it directly. If the Component Evidence lacks inherent signatures (e.g., in UCCS), the LV MUST sign the Component Evidence using a key that the CV trusts. This prevents any attacker in the transit to alter the Component Evidence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Mitigation:** The conceptual message containing the Component Evidence MUST be integrity-protected and authenticated. If the Component Evidence is natively signed by the Component Attester at origin, the CV can verify it directly. If the Component Evidence lacks inherent signatures (e.g., in UCCS), the LV MUST sign the Component Evidence using a key that the CV trusts. This prevents any on-path attacker from altering the Component Evidence.
```

##### Results Integrity and Origin Authentication (CV -> LV)

> **Threat:** Partial Attestation Results could be manipulated in transit or forged by a malicious CV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Threat:** Partial Attestation Results could be manipulated in transit or forged by a malicious CV.

```

### Cascaded Pattern

The cascaded pattern distributes trust but requires each Verifier in the chain to be trusted to correctly handle and forward  Attestation messages. The chain's security is only as strong as its weakest link.

#### Threats and Mitigations

##### Verifier Compromise

**Threat:** Any compromised Verifier in the chain can block, delay, or manipulate the attestation process. It can inject false partial results, drop evidence, or leak sensitive information.
**Mitigation:** Relying Parties and Verifiers MUST be configured with strict trust policies defining the allowed paths and trusted Verifiers. Operations should be logged for auditability.

##### Communication Security

**Threat:** Eavesdropping or manipulation of evidence and results between Verifiers.
**Mitigation:** Each hop between Verifiers MUST be secured with mutually authenticated and confidential channels (e.g., TLS with client authentication).

##### Evidence and Results Protection

> **Threat:** Lack of end-to-end security allows intermediate Verifiers to manipulate evidence or results that are not intended for them to appraise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Threat:** Lack of end-to-end security allows intermediate Verifiers to manipulate evidence or results that are not intended for them to appraise.

```

**Mitigation:** End-to-end integrity protection is RECOMMENDED. The Composite Evidence should be signed by the Attester. Partial and Aggregated Attestation Results SHOULD be signed by the Verifier that generated them. This allows subsequent Verifiers and the Relying Party to verify that results have not been tampered with by intermediate nodes. 

##### Replay Attacks

> **Threat:** An adversary replays old Evidence or Attestation Results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Threat:** An adversary replays old Evidence or Attestation Results.

```

# Security Considerations

> The Verifier is effectively part of the Attesters' and Relying Parties' trusted computing base (TCB).  When multiple Verifiers coordinate to conduct appraisal, it leads to larger TCB and hence more attack surface. Any mistake in the appraisal procedure conducted by one or more Verifiers could have severe security implications, leading to unauthorized access or data breaches. This section details the security threats and mitigation strategies specific to the multi-verifier topologies described in this document. In addition to the considerations herein, Verifiers MUST follow the guidance detailed in the Security and Privacy considerations of a RATS Verifier as detailed in {{Section 11 of -corim}} and the RATS Architecture {{Section 11 and Section 12 of -rats-arch}}.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Verifier is effectively part of the Attesters' and Relying Parties' trusted computing base (TCB).  When multiple Verifiers coordinate to conduct appraisal, it leads to larger TCB and hence more attack surface. Any mistake in the appraisal procedure conducted by one or more Verifiers could lead to severe security implications, such as incorrect Attestation Result of a component or a composition to the Relying party. This section details the security threats and mitigation strategies specific to the multi-verifier topologies described in this document. In addition to the considerations herein, Verifiers MUST follow the guidance detailed in the Security and Privacy considerations of a RATS Verifier as detailed in {{Section 11 of -corim}} and the RATS Architecture {{Section 11 and Section 12 of -rats-arch}}.
```
